fix(curriculum) : dice game 84 and 85 restore small straights (#54138)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/657e2ecee9f60092c89338d9.md

---
id: 657e2ecee9f60092c89338d9
title: Step 85
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-85
---

# --description--

If the user rolls a small straight, then the `Small straight` radio button option should be enabled with a score of `30` points. A small straight consists of four separate dice rolls arranged in numerical order. 

In order to get started, we need to iterate through the `smallStraightsArr` with a callback function that takes an argument of `straight`. If `uniqueNumbersStr` has a combination that matches a small straight, call the `updateRadioOption` with `3` and `30` for the arguments. 

# --hints--

> You should use the `includes` method to check if `straight` is contained in the `uniqueNumbersStr`. 

Author: Yeah included is better.

```js

> assert.match(code, /\(\s*straight\s*\=\>\s*\{?\s*i?f?\(?uniqueNumbersStr.includes\(straight\)\)\)?\s*\{/);

Author: I think I see what you mean here.

---
id: 657e2ecee9f60092c89338d9
title: Step 85
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-85
---

# --description--

If the user rolls a small straight, then the `Small straight` radio button option should be enabled with a score of `30` points. A small straight consists of four separate dice rolls arranged in numerical order. 

> To get started, iterate through the `smallStraightsArr`. You are free to use whichever loop you prefer. If you are using a higher order function like a `forEach` or the `some` method, the callback function should take an argument of `straight`. If you are using a `for...of` loop, then your loop variable should be called `straight`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, iterate through `smallStraightsArr` using any loop you prefer. If using a higher-order function like `forEach` or `some`, the callback function should take an argument of `straight`. If using `for...of`, the loop variable should also be `straight`.
```

Author: Thank you for grammar suggestions. I'll add those in once you are satisfied with the regex.

> Inside the loop,  if `uniqueNumbersStr` has a combination that matches a small straight, call the `updateRadioOption` with `3` and `30` for the arguments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the loop,  if `uniqueNumbersStr` has a combination that matches a small straight, call the `updateRadioOption` with `3` and `30` as the arguments. 
```

# --hints--

You should use the `includes` method to check if `straight` is included in the `uniqueNumbersStr`. 

```js

> assert.match(code, /\s*i?f?\(?\s*uniqueNumbersStr\.includes\(\s*(straight|smallStraightsArr\[i\])\s*\)\)\s*\)?\s*\{/)  

Author: That is because there are two different equally valid solutions to this challenge.

Solution 1:

`
 if (smallStraightsArr.some(straight => uniqueNumbersStr.includes(straight))) {
    updateRadioOption(3, 30);
  }
`

Solution 2:

`
smallStraightArr.forEach(straight => {
  if(uniqueNumbersStr.includes(straight)) {
    updateRadioOption(3, 30);
  }
}
`

If I remove the question marks, then only one of these solutions become viable.

> assert.match(code, /\s*i?f?\(?uniqueNumbersStr\.includes\((straight|smallStraightsArr\[i\])\)\)\)?\s*\{/)  

Reviewer: the test doesn't pass when there's some spaces before and after the arguments

```suggestion
assert.match(code, /\s*i?f?\(\s*uniqueNumbersStr\.includes\(\s*(straight|smallStraightsArr\[i\])\s*\)\s*\)\s*{/)
```

Author: Hi there. Would this version be acceptable ? 

```assert.match(code, /\s*i?f?\(?\s*uniqueNumbersStr\.includes\(\s*(straight|smallStraightsArr\[i\])\s*\)\)\s*\)?\s*\{/)``` 

The version of regex you gave does not work with the solution I set on the step 86 and 87.

Reviewer: @a2937, the code i wrote was for only step 85. In the above context, as long as gaps before/after arguments are accepted, then any regex would work well. come up with a solution I'll test it and review it again for sure. also drop your twitter if you have one?

Author: I do not have a Twitter and don't plan on getting one until it is an requirement. This is part of the seeded code I added to steps 86 and 87. 

` if (smallStraightsArr.some(straight => uniqueNumbersStr.includes(straight))) {
    updateRadioOption(3, 30);
  }`

I've tested this block and it seems to work pretty well.

Reviewer: commit it on the files, I'll check it from vs code

Author: It's been committed.
